MAJOR re-haul to EngEd docs (#6403)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: README.md

# engineering-education

> The Engineering Education Program at Section was created as a medium to provide students a friendly and inviting place to contribute to real-world projects to help students better build up their professional portfolios and profiles (upon entering the DEV career space). 

Reviewer: I think we should highlight the notion of providing a friendly and inviting place to connect with like-minded peers who are preparing for careers in computer science-related fields.

In terms of 'contributions to real-world projects', is this referring to app enhancement contributions? Seems a bit overstated, at least for the current state of the program.

> The Engineering Education Program at Section was created as a medium to provide students a friendly and inviting place to contribute to a real-world projects to help students better build up their professional portfolios and profiles (upon entering the DEV career space). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Engineering Education Program at Section was created as a medium to provide students a friendly and inviting place to contribute to real-world projects to help students better build up their professional portfolios and profiles (upon entering the DEV career space). 
```

> Our goal is to allow our EngEd community the opportunity to increase and build upon the skills they have to build the features/enhancements the community wants to see in the EngEd program. At the same time have a place where they can build us a career profile and portfolio that can be leveraged when entering the workforce.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our goal is to allow our EngEd community the opportunity to increase and build upon the skills they have by allowing them to help build the features/enhancements the community members want to see in the EngEd program. At the same time have a place where they can build a career profile and portfolio that can be leveraged when entering the workforce.
```

> We also offer students the opportunity to write content about related and approved topics (to build up there author profile and portfolio) about Information Technology Web-related services. (Could be something you are learning currently or a write-up on any EngEd Community Contribution they may have contributed). This will serve as a community-generated pool of educational content which is useful for engineers of every level. Published content can be found at [https://www.section.io/engineering-education/](https://www.section.io/engineering-education/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also offer students the opportunity to write content about related and approved topics (to build up their author profile and portfolio) about Information Technology Web-related services. (Could be something you are learning currently or a write-up on any EngEd Community Contribution they may have contributed). This will serve as a community-generated pool of educational content which is useful for engineers of every level. Published content can be found at [https://www.section.io/engineering-education/](https://www.section.io/engineering-education/).
```

Section partners with university computer science programs across the globe to create a community which is useful for engineers of every (any) level.

EngEd generated content can be found at [https://section.io/engineering-education](https://section.io/engineering-education).

The Section team will monitor and manage any and all contributions to the overall Program.

### Program Resources
- Be sure to sign up to the Section Community Slack Channel at [slack.section.io](https://sectionio-community.slack.com/). Once signed up, join the **#eng-ed** channel for ongoing program communications.

### Help Us Help All
We can only improve and add value by working together with our community. Please help us iterate on our processes so that we can grow this program to enrich the larger engineering community. If you see something that needs attention, please submit an issue so we can address it in a timely manner.

> ### EngEd Community Contribution Initiative
> One of our main goals for the EngEd community is to provide students/contributors a friendly and inviting place to contribute to a real-world projects to help students better build up their professional protfolios and profiles (upon entering the DEV career space). We would like to allow our EngEd community the opportunity to increase and build upon the skills they have to build the features/enhancements the community wants to see in the EngEd program. This Contribution Initiative is strictly restricted to the EngEd community.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### EngEd Community Contribution Initiative
One of our main goals for the EngEd community is to provide students/contributors a friendly and inviting place to contribute to real-world projects to help students better build up their professional portfolios and profiles (upon entering the DEV career space). We would like to allow our EngEd community the opportunity to increase and build upon the skills they have by allowing them to help build the features/enhancements the community members want to see in the EngEd program. This Contribution Initiative is strictly restricted to the EngEd community.  
```

+9-
### EngEd Community Contribution Submission Process

> 1. To submit an EngEd feature contribution for consideration, be sure to first check [past feature suggestons](https://github.com/section-engineering-education/engineering-education/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement) to ensure relevance and prevent overlap. **Hint**: Use the this EngEd Content Suggestion form to propose article topic for approval and get feedback on topic ideas. [*View content form here*](https://github.com/section-engineering-education/engineering-education/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=enged-feature-suggestion.md&title=Feature+suggestion)

Reviewer 3: Do we also need to mention about the Search feature in Section's website to avoid topic overlaps?
